yes halli hello you love you are with
succeeded in a new video of me and
Today I want to show you she can do it
could just become a princess
True to the motto of the dealer
we already see my name
so confused by the good man that she
nobody ever gets a straight set out
war in short he has an led at
Rossmann and what products in there
that's what I show you now yes me
remember me very well as that
very first happy with rossmann
came out in cooperation with rivaldo there
he had awesome lipgloss and
awesome lipsticks and then
you still have on the foot blog about it
Reported and the thing has such a hype
that was really amazing
there was a second time that was not over
had half the character and me
find now at the third yes you have to
might look easy times perhaps
at the end of the video say what you like
from the high potential of the new glöckle
hold and thus you estimate that
I can show you something now
for products in the led and that catch
We are the first time with a total of four
nail polish paints really lucky them
slipped the howitzer most of all well
no matter
you really have so the full program
I also like to hang out
happy as he gets his whole face full
with diamonds Swarovski stones had so
similar could also look like the nails
if you want that is with these
nail polishes definitely possible
besides, we have in l -e total
Three different ones lipglossed one
probably that be relatively sheer
is liked by the press release
me the pee just fine and that could
that's a bit in there too
the direction is like the time so
a bit of our heart has conquered what
Of course I was a great fan because he was
really right
really good but if that is really the case
Of course you do not know white until you know
stands in front of it
You also get two eyeshadow duos
and I have to honestly say that
I find totally boring and ever
not happy what is special
So there is not even fat she slipped
On top of that you just have the crown
clapped and finished I know
not if the gentleman glöckler nothing more
it comes to mind or whether he says yes to me
that does not matter I'll take it again
everything with i have seen for example
There is even a jewelery collection
bijou brigitte so now he is
really arrived in the mass market
I mean, he's got a lot of work too
worked for a long time and when i did
In his place I think I would
will also take with you what's possible
that's always a thing as well
how you feel about it but I think so
no it will not at any price
So I would do the offer then
for example, but suppose then
make cool products I have somehow
not the feeling that this happens
is and yes I have to say miss here
I also like this extra
Glückler touch So we already had
better last but not least is in the
still have a mascara in it and if
you now the rest of that
Helicopter is one then does that to me
Sorry agile well forget what
i said a mascara is always
nice to have a try but also
So that's just what I'm missing
hanger is really cool highlight
Maybe the products are natural
if you see them live in the shop yet
quite solid but for me is there
not so exciting now i
looking forward to your feedback in
the comments and if you know
want what the topic of the next video
is then stay tuned
you know i am your putin news aunt
if you do not want to miss anything
then you should channel man down here
I would absolutely subscribe
looking forward
otherwise I have you down here
again linked a video where I the
latest essence stuff almost ever
have tackled the yes end of this month
come to the drugstore and I'll give you
because my impression shows you
pigmenting the texture and so on
and so on and in the next video goes
it then fittingly also to one
essential and that is called bright
places mouth i show you which products
in there and what I think about it
In that sense, I'll simply say to you
next video your coco